(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
Unite and fight!
So Sergey the psycho
swiped Zuzu?
And Celina was taken back
to the Fusion Dimension?
Roget...
He wants to rule this City.
And he's gonna use Zuzu to make
sure Duel Academy
doesn't get in
the way of that.
I'm busting her out!
Wait up!
Ugh!
Buddy.
The Friendship Cup will
continue...
with a special guest competitor.
Welcome, Zuzu.
You're just in time to see the
next duel get underway.
Jack Atlas is the hope for the
Commons and the Topsiders alike,
but when Sergey defeats Jack,
their hero will fall.
They will be looking for a new
leader to guide them.
Me!
Let's duel!
Initiate Turbo Thruster Mode.
It's transformation time.
Aagghh!
I've transformed him into the
first Biocybernetic Duelist.
Biocybernetic?
If you believe you can
dethrone me,
you're just spinning your
wheels!
Before this day ends,
all of New Domino City will
be bowing before me.
♪
♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone,
anywhere, any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
Engaging Action Card damage
parameters!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Uh‐oh!
Jack better watch out!
And now,
Earthbound Tundra's effect
activates!
By banishing my Action Card,
you take 300 points of damage,
and your monster loses
300 attack points.
(Melissa)
Not again!
Sergey's going on an
Action Card rampage!
And it looks like all
Jack's can do is sit back and
take it!
I must ensure Jack cannot pass
me to retrieve Action Cards...
before me!
(Melissa)
Sergey's tearing up the
terrain!
Now this course has
more holes in it
then a prairie full of
groundhogs!
He's trying to knock Jack
out of the race!
Fight fair, you psycho!
C'mon, Jack!
Crush that creep!
Right now he'll be
lucky to survive.
(beeping)
(Melissa)
I spy another Action Card
just up ahead!
It seems like Jack can't
catch a break!
Jumpin' jackrabbits!
The Master of Faster is gonna
leapfrog over Sergey!
Must not let Jack pass me!
(Melissa)
Aw, fiddlesticks!
Swatted out of the air
like he was a measly fly!
And to add injury to insult,
Sergey weakens Jack again!
I don't think Jack can muscle
his way out of this one!
That maniac has Jack
pinned back.
He's not gonna last much
longer if Sergey keeps up the
crazy.
What a letdown.
(sinister chuckle)
So sorry to rain on
your parade, people.
I'm afraid the Master of Faster
is all washed up.
(sinister chuckle)
I banish another Action Card to
deal you damage
and weaken your monster.
Next, I activate the spell card
Earthbound Rescue!
By retrieving Earthbound
Stone Sweeper,
I can summon it back
to the field.
Next optimal move is to summon
the Tuner Monster Earthbound
Prisoner Ground Keeper!
I activate the spell Harmonic
Synchro Fusion
and I can use two monsters
on my field,
to Synchro Summon and Fusion
Summon!
I'm not losing to some maniac
on a moped. You are going down!
Initiating Synchro Summon
to tune Level 1 Earthbound
Prisoner Ground Keeper
with Level 5 Earthbound Prisoner
Stone Sweeper.
I Synchro Summon!
Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlin!
(roaring)
I will now initiating secondary
action in protocol!
These two Earthbound Prisoners
assimilate into one!
I Fusion Summon!
Earthbound Servant Geo Gremlina!
(roaring)
Initiating victory protocol
alpha.
Alpha?
I activate Geo Gremlin's
special ability.
You must choose whether
to destroy
or not destroy your Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
If you destroy
your Archfiend,
there will be no battle
this turn,
and you will postpone defeat
by one turn.
If you do not destroy your
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend,
then I will gain life points
equal to your monster's
attack points!
(roaring)
But that will be irrelevant,
because my monsters can attack
and deplete the rest of your
life points.
Now... make choice!
Jack only has one choice.
Jack must choose to
destroy his Dragon.
It's his one and only hope
of survival.
But he doesn't know that that
won't help him either.
Why?
Because Gremlina's special
ability will kick in
the instant that Jack
eliminates Archfiend.
I assume that isn't
a good thing.
Correct, my dear.
Gremlina's special ability will
destroy all of Sergey's monsters
and deal damage equal to their
total attack points to Jack.
(gasps)
Between them,
the two Gremlin monsters
have four thousand
attack points.
But Jack only has 2,500 life
points, so he will lose.
And now, choice must be
selected.
I don't like the options.
Optimal choice,
destroy Dragon.
No chance.
My Dragon is part of me,
and I won't just throw it away
like it's garbage.
Destroy Dragon!
Archfiend and I
have a special bond!
We know that we can
count on each other,
even when things look hopeless
and our backs are
up against the wall.
I would never betray it
to save myself!
Does not... compute.
What is happening?
(roaring)
(Melissa) Jack won't
ditch his Dragon,
so Sergey gets bucked up by
1,500 life points!
Protocol alpha alternative
initialized.
Geo Gremlin, annihilate
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend!
Once Archfiend bites the dust,
Jack sheds 500 life points!
And I'm sure as shooting that
after this attack,
Geo Gremlina will
make a beeline
straight at Jack to strike
the K. O. blow!
Jack Atlas' reign has
finally come to an end!
And then I will rule this
City as its true King.
Chance of victory...
100%!
(roaring)
I'm activating
the trap Red Gem!
This saves my Archfiend from
destruction this turn.
But your life points
are not protected.
Geo Gremlina, attack Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend!
(roaring)
With Red Gem protecting it,
you're spinning your wheels!
Foolish. Saving your Dragon
is not optimal move.
I told you.
Archfiend's never let me down,
and I won't ditch it when it
looks like I'm running on
empty.
We're bound by
the same spirit!
Aagghh!
Dueling fires us up!
The tougher the competition
gets, the hotter we burn!
Archfiend and I have a single
purpose,
to battle with blazing glory
for all to see
'til we shine like the sun!
The Master of Faster and his
Dragon, ruling together!
Does not compute.
Does not compute!
Now what?
(groaning)
(rapid beeping)
I end my turn.
And I'll take over!
Give up!
Odds of victory 100%.
My new body's too speedy
for you!
You move like slug,
while Sergey bolts down track as
quick as lightning!
Talk is cheap.
(rapid beeping)
I count seven Action Cards
on track ahead of us.
And I... will capture
all of them!
(rapid beeping)
His emotions are overloading
my programming!
(Melissa) Jack's
really pouring it on!
He's pulled within striking
distance of Sergey!
You're not gonna shake me
that easily, pal.
All right.
Then you are in for bumpy ride!
I relish a good
obstacle course.
Only one of us can rule this
track... and that's me!
(Melissa)
Jack seems to be closing in
using pure willpower!
'Course, riding inside
your opponent's slipstream
helps, too!
(sinister chuckle)
You are still right where
you should be...
stuck behind me!
When the time is right,
I'll see the light.
What light?
I hardly ever fall behind,
but when I do,
I count on my intuition lighting
up the way ahead.
It'll show me the path to
victory!
(Melissa)
Now, that's the Jack Atlas
we all know and admire!
Why, he's as full of fight
as a barrel of testy
scorpions!
They cooled off.
Because of Jack.
(Melissa)
There's an Action Card
dead ahead!
And it will be mine!
Uhh!
No way!
(Melissa)If I hadn't seen that
move with my own pair of
peepers,
I wouldn't have
believed it!
Due to Earthbound Tundra,
only one of us is allowed to
have Action Cards.
So I have to get rid of mine.
So that means you can't
keep using
Earthbound Tundra's effect to
drain my life points away!
(Melissa)
Once again, the Master of
Faster's
always ahead of the pack!
Now he can kick things into
overdrive!
Jack's scooting straight
for the next Action Card
on the track!
It's still there?
But that little card was ripe
for the pickin'!
What's Jack up to?
Shall I show you?
I'm gonna win this my way!
(groaning)
What a fool.
Now Sergey can pick up
that Action Card
and keep dealing you damage like
before, Mr. Master of Nothing!
(Melissa)
That card has Sergey's name
written all over‐‐ Huh?
(rapid beeping)
He's short‐circuiting!
Jack Atlas, let's go!
I don't need an Action Card
to crush runt like you!
Instead of letting the field
decide the outcome,
the best duelist will win.
(people murmuring)
(crowd cheering)
I'm ending my turn.
Your move, Sergey!
I will break you!
Now attack!
Geo Gremlin, crush Archfiend!
Now!
(roaring)
I activate the Action Spell
Tenacity!
When I'm down to one Monster
on my field,
this Action Spell will shield
it from being destroyed!
But you can't avoid taking
damage!
Geo Gremlina, show no mercy!
Go!
(roaring)
(Jack)
Tenacity saves my Dragon again!
(Melissa)
Jack's done a great job of
protecting Archfiend,
but he can't do diddly to
protect himself!
Very good!
Keep up the pressure!
Crush the hopes and dreams
of each and every individual
living in this city!
New Domino will be paralyzed
with despair,
and I'll move in
to save the day!
In a short time, the people of
New Domino City
will have a new hero
to look up to.
I activate the spell
Earthbound Fusion!
It lets me Fusion Summon.
I fuse Geo Gremlin
and Geo Gremlina!
I bring a monster
to destroy you!
Rising up from molten depths of
this world.
His volcanic temper is
legendary!
As are his infernal deeds
on the battlefield!
I Fusion Summon!
Emerge...
Earthbound Servant Geo Grasha!
I can handle that clown.
Enough!
When Geo Garshna attacks your
Scarlight Red Dragon Archfiend,
your Dragon's attack points
become zero!
Your Action Spell was able to
save Archfiend,
but it cannot save you!
Jack Atlas, you are finished!
(Melissa)Jack better pull
another rabbit out of his
helmet!
I discard Red Mirror,
from my hand!
This is no
ordinary looking glass!
When your Monster attacks,
Red Mirror lets me add
a Red Monster to my hand
from the graveyard.
Next, I discard Red Warg
and Dark Resonator
to activate the trap card
Red Soul.
It not only prevents Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend
from being destroyed,
but it reduces the amount
of damage I take.
You're almost through!
(Melissa)Jack found out a way
to survive Sergey's onslaught,
but the Master of Faster is
hanging on by a thread!
He's down to few piddling
life points, only 200!
Looks like Sergey's
road wrecking
has caused the track to reach
the breaking point!
(groaning)
He's not gonna make it!
Uhh!
Whoa!
Jack used his Dragon
to pull off a
heart‐thumpin' midair
rescue!
This duel's gonna be decided
on the track.
That's how I roll, Sergey!
Does not compute!
Jack is enemy!
Enemy should not help enemy!
System overload!
(sighs)
I'm free.
It's moments like this that
make Gong proud to be a duelist.
Unreal!
Huh?
You rock and rule, Jack!
We believe in you
and we always will!
Jack, you are the tops!
Best duelist ever!
(Melissa)
That was an impressive save
all right,
but Jack is still weak and
now he's pullin' up the
rear!
He better giddy‐up quick,
folks,
'cause there's an
Action Card straight ahead!
Do not miss this chance, Sergey!
Use that card to take
Atlas down!
(Melissa)
That card has Sergey's name
written all over it!
Sergey!
And now...
Atlas, prepare for the fight
of your life!
Do not hold back and come at me
with everything in you arsenal!
I'm in!
Get back to the plan, Sergey!
It's too late, Roget.
You failed.
Pick up the next Action Card
on the track!
Do it or else!
Sergey isn't your puppet
anymore.
He and Jack are going to
finish this duel their way.
Jack!
Show me why you are Master!
All right, Sergey, let's push
this duel into overdrive!
I'm gonna light it up,
to give this city something
to cheer about!
Ready, set...
Draw!
Excellent! The card I need
to fuel my victory!
I'm now going to activate
the equip spell Soul Fist!
I equip it onto Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend.
So now your monster's
attack points
become the same as Scarlet
Red Dragon Arhfiend's,
so your monster's no longer
stronger than mine!
(Melissa)
Well, pick my jaw off
the floor!
Sergey zeroed out Archfiend's
attack points before,
but Jack boomeranged it
back at him,
so Grashna has zero points
now, too!
I activate Archfiend's
special ability!
It allows me to destroy
all your monsters,
then you take 500 points of
damage for each one
that perished by its flames!
Prepare to feel the heat!
(roaring)
(manic laughing)
And now that you're your
Grashna is no more,
Soul Fist's other effect
activates!
So Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend's attack points
become the same as Grashna's
original attack points!
Great, Jack!
Master of Faster!
Sultan of Speed!
Our city's ace racer!
And champion!
(cheering)
You ready?
I am always ready!
Bring the pain and let me feel
the power of your Dragon!
All right, if that's
what you want.
Now go, Archfiend!
Molten Crimson Flare!
Aah!
Grab him, Archfiend!
No!
I once again control
my own fate, Jack!
Farewell... for now!
Until next time!
Ha ha ha ha!
I'm free!
(Melissa)
How could we ever have
doubted him?
Once again, Jack Atlas,
the Master of Faster,
wins the day!
Well done!
Good show, Jack ol' Boy!
(cheering)
(rapid beeping)
I...
No!
(cheering)
Atlas! Atlas! Atlas!